Add FAQ about coordinator address (#331)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

Summing up: the faster peers register in the CoinJoins, the faster the mixes are.
:::

:::details

> ### What is coordinator's address?

Reviewer: I would change to
`What is the coordinator address?`

Maybe 
`What is the coordinator's address?`

> The coordinator participates in every CoinJoin.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say the coordinator "participates" in every round, as he has neither inputs - nor equal value outputs. He gets paid in every round, yes. 

So I suggest changing to `The coordinator gets paid in every CoinJoin.`

> For transparency reasons, the coordinator address is used for every CoinJoin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And for transparency reasons, the same coordinator address is used.
```

> For transaparency reasons, the coordinator address is reused for every CoinJoin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For transparency reasons, the coordinator address is used for every CoinJoin.
```

> The last address used by Wasabi coordinator is `bc1qa24tsgchvuxsaccp8vrnkfd85hrcpafg20kmjw`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The current address used by the Wasabi coordinator is `bc1qa24tsgchvuxsaccp8vrnkfd85hrcpafg20kmjw`.
```
